1
Ernest opened his eyes as the window blinds began to raise. The red and radiant light of Trappist streamed in eagerly over the floor and the walls of his bedroom, dancing in further corners as the blinds lifted higher. He watched as the world outside opened like a book; in the sky illuminated by the red star was written the promise of a new day. It was early yet and his alarm had not sounded, but already Ernest felt quite awake. He turned on his side to face his wife sleeping beside him. A smile passed his lips as he remembered the morning three weeks before when they first awoke a married couple. She looked now as she had then, her brown hair and the gentle features of her face made brilliant in the light of the star. The warmth of that moment had not left him, and he now felt such moments of sleepy bliss to be little eternities, waiting always to be renewed. He placed his hand gently on Rebecca’s hip and kissed her softly on the cheek. Her body moved in tender response, though she went on sleeping, breathing slowly and peacefully.

Ernest moved quietly out of bed and walked across the room to his dresser. He went from drawer to drawer, removing from each one piece of the day’s ensemble. He gathered his selections neatly in one arm and walked into the bathroom, closing the door behind him. He turned on the shower and undressed, and soon he was standing beneath the hot water, thinking about the day ahead of him.

“I’m sure we’ll go back to the valley,” he thought, “I’d better bring something to eat this time.” His mind passed over the contents of his refrigerator while he rinsed his hair beneath the shower. “And hopefully they’ve sorted out that mess with the transport, we certainly don’t want to get stuck out there.”

Ernest stepped out of the shower and into his clothes. He combed his dark hair before the mirror, pushing it to one side in his usual manner. His hair was short, laying neatly against the side of his head above the strong lines of his jaw. When he was satisfied by his reflection that all was in order, he walked back into the bedroom. Rebecca was now awake and sitting up against her pillow, her eyes fixed on the sky beyond the window. She turned to face her husband as he entered and they smiled softly at one another.

“Good morning, my love,” Ernest said as he approached her and sat down on the bed.

“Good morning,” she replied in a warm voice, placing her hand over his.

“The other planets look brilliant this morning, don’t they? There’s not a cloud in the sky.” Ernest nodded his head toward the window.

“Yes, I was just thinking I’ve never seen them so clearly. Now which one is which, again?”

“Well,” said Ernest, smiling and taking Rebecca’s hand, pointing her index finger at one of the great orbs in the sky, “that one is 1b, and that one there is 1c — “

“No,” Rebecca interrupted, “what do you call them? The authors’ names?”

“Oh, well that one’s Brontë,” he began again, “then there’s Camus, Dostoevsky, Fuller…”

“…Goethe and Homer,” she finished for him. “And we’re on Emerson?”

“Yes, we’re on Emerson,” he laughed. He was growing quite fond of the names.

“I think we should all call them that. It sounds much nicer than 1b and 1c and the like.”

“That it does, but it wouldn’t be very scientific to give them people’s names.”

“Well, I think it’s great. It makes this place feel more like home.”

Ernest smiled and squinted his eyes at Rebecca. “Any place is home where you are,” he said in the half-serious, half-mocking tone they often shared. She laughed and nudged him playfully on the arm. “Alright,” he said, “I’d better pack my lunch.” He got up from the bed and walked down the hall into the kitchen.

Rebecca remained sitting on the bed, gazing at her celestial neighbors. She was not yet accustomed to the sight of the six new planets, nor to her living on a seventh. It seemed only moments ago that she was back on Earth, standing in line beside her husband in the Space Administration building. She recalled her nervous excitement while they waited, her hand closed tightly over her application for interstellar travel. She had watched another line, a line of grey-white bodysuits standing beneath a sign bearing the NASA logo and marked “Departures”. The line had grown shorter and shorter while she watched. Weeks later, when she finally stood in that line herself, she could hardly believe that a few forms and a signature were all that separated the two. She could believe it even less now. It seemed as though there had been only a day — less than a day, even — between the time when she took her place in that long, grey line and when she emerged shaking with cold and anticipation from the sleep chamber aboard the ship. And yet it had not been a day, and certainly not less.

Ernest came back into the room from the hallway. He walked over to his dresser and picked up his identification badge, fastening it by its clip onto the waistline of his pants. He paused a moment, thinking over his day once more, and when he was confident that he had all he would need, he walked back over to the bed.

“Goodbye, dear,” he said to Rebecca, leaning over the bed and kissing her forehead.

“Goodbye, love. Have a good day,” she replied. She took his hand and glanced up at him, craning her neck slightly. He kissed her once more on the lips, smiled, and went out of the room.

2
It was the first aim of the settlers of Trappist 1e, or Emerson, to establish a means of sustaining their existence on their new home world. Ernest and his compatriots were fortunate that the conjectures of the Department of Extra-Terrestrial Biology had been correct, and that with a few genetic modifications, crops could be grown successfully on Emerson. They had in fact found growing food to be rather easy, as the planet furnished for them a climate which was stable and amenable to the task. The colonists of Emerson had in truth encountered only one substantial obstacle to life on Emerson — the great lack of any arable land on which to plant their seed. Much of the soil was rockier than expected, leaving them constantly in search of new fields to sow. It was in this pursuit that Ernest spent his days. He and a small team of the colonists ventured out each morning to ever-further regions of the rocky Emerson, hoping to bring back good news and abundance for their friends and families.

Ernest and the other explorers had recently been investigating a valley some distance from the small settlement they called home. This valley displayed all the geological markings of past glacial activity, and they were hopeful that its history had rendered the soil useful to their present ends. As Ernest entered the small office from which their expeditions were launched, he was going over in his head the terrain they had already explored, planning the next steps of the journey.

“Good morning, Ernest,” a voice greeted him cheerily when he walked through the door.

“Morning, Wyatt.” Ernest smiled and gave a nod to his good friend and fellow explorer. He walked over and stood beside Wyatt in front of a large, colorful map indicating those areas of Emerson which had been discovered, as well as those which the group had only just begun to survey. “Have the others arrived yet?” he asked.

“Martin is in the lab with Raymond, but I haven’t seen Frederick yet,” Wyatt replied, turning his head around the office. He was a shorter man than Ernest, with light hair and a stern face.

“If we get going soon, we might cover the whole valley north of the 29th,” Ernest said, tracing with his finger a line of latitude on the map.

“That’s doubtful,” Wyatt replied. He turned to look at Ernest, noticing the mixed look of curiosity and consternation on his face. “I hear they’ve had no luck with the buggy,” he went on with a frown.

Ernest sighed. He had been the driver of their transport vehicle the day before when it had broken down unexpectedly. It was not his fault, precisely — the vehicle was quite old, and its suspension had taken repeated beatings from the rough terrain — but being the one who last drove the machine, Ernest felt strongly that he was responsible for its present decrepitude. “That’s not good,” said Ernest, shaking his head, “do we have other options?”

Just then, the door of the office opened, and another of the explorers strode into the room. Frederick was tall and strong, and had dark hair thick with curls. The corners of his mouth were slightly upturned in his habitual smile, and in his eyes shone a vigor which was peculiar to him. The effect of his presence was to excite those around him into lively, sometimes frenzied activity. In his glance there was at once encouragement and command.

“Gentlemen, there has been a change of plans,” Frederick said, walking over to his desk. Ernest and Wyatt crossed the room, gathering closely around him. “The buggy is still in surgery, so we will be steering a new set of wheels — or, rather, a very old set,” he went on, not waiting for the question. As he spoke, he rifled through the drawers of his desk, grabbing a few items which would be needed for the trip.

“New wheels? Old wheels?” Wyatt asked, looking with surprise at Ernest.

“You know about as much as I do,” Frederick said, closing the last of his drawers and smiling at them both.

“I wasn’t aware there was another vehicle that worked.” Ernest raised an eyebrow at Frederick.

“Well, not if you’re driving there’s not,” he retorted, laughing and poking an elbow in Ernest’s direction. He turned quickly toward the door and was halfway across the room before he called back to them, “Let’s go and see if it’s true!”

Ernest and Wyatt exchanged another look of curious surprise before hurrying to gather their things and go after him.

3
When Ernest and Wyatt arrived at the garage adjacent to their office, Frederick was already inside one of the large vehicle bays speaking to a mechanic.

“They had me come early to fuel it up and run the engine,” the mechanic was saying as they approached. “It seems to be in great shape for its age,” he added.

“So there is another buggy?” Ernest asked, looking hopefully at the mechanic.

“Not exactly…” he began to reply.

“Why don’t you go and fetch it?” Frederick interjected, tossing a ring of keys at Ernest.

Catching the keys against his chest, Ernest looked questioningly at the group, but it was evident that they would not tell him anything further. He looked around the spacious garage, but did not see any vehicles inside. “Where is it?” he inquired.

“Right this way.” The mechanic walked out of the large overhead door, Ernest following close behind. Ernest grew somewhat anxious as they walked, still feeling he was responsible for the need of such unusual accommodations. Rounding the back corner of the garage, another vehicle bay came into view. This one was smaller, and by a difference in the color of its brick exterior, appeared to be an addition to the garage. Or, more precisely, the garage was an addition to this smaller building. It appeared to Ernest to be a number of years older.

“This was one of the first buildings to go up on 1e,” the mechanic told him. “We don’t use it much now that we have the new garage, but there’s a number of old vehicles gathering dust back here. It’s more of a history museum than a garage, if you ask me.” Arriving at the door, he raised the small identification badge which hung at his hip to the keypad. A short beep, a flash of green light, and the door was opened. Ernest stepped inside behind the mechanic, who had not paused to view the exhibits, but was walking quickly across the bay.

“Wow,” Ernest murmured under his breath, looking around at the old vehicles packed tightly into the little building. They seemed at once alien and familiar to him. They were not at all like the ones he was used to seeing on Emerson, but reminded him instead of those which zipped along the busy streets of his former home on Earth. “It’s so strange seeing these here,” he said aloud.

“The AI only knew a little more about the planet than we did when we arrived. When it switched on, it was cranking out the old models it knew from Earth. Of course, it didn’t take long to learn. Only took a few broken wheel arms to get to something like these latest models. I’m sure your demolition derby yesterday will give it even more bright ideas.” The mechanic chuckled, waiting with his arms crossed for Ernest to recover from his amazement at the old vehicles.

“Very funny,” Ernest said, lifting a cover off a vehicle to see what was beneath. “Which one will I be demolishing today?” He looked at the mechanic with a sarcastic smile.

“It’s over on the other side,” said the mechanic, leading him toward the back of the garage.

Ernest followed behind the mechanic, his head turning constantly about to take in the history around him. “What’s in here?” he asked as they passed by a large, closed door protected by a keypad.

“I’m not sure, must be top secret,” said the mechanic, stopping to look with Ernest at the door. “I’m the head mechanic here, and even my badge doesn’t work,” he added, walking up to the keypad and swiping his identification. The pad indicated with a red light that access would not be allowed.

“Well, let’s try mine,” Ernest said, raising his eyebrow and taking hold of his badge.

“Be my guest,” said the mechanic deferentially, stepping back from the keypad and motioning for Ernest to try the door.

Ernest stepped forward and raised his badge, expecting nothing less than the same red light and beeping the mechanic had received. Much to the surprise of the inquisitive pair, the light flashed green. The large, heavy door began slowly to raise. Ernest and the mechanic looked excitedly and nervously at one another, bending their heads down to see what the slowly climbing door would reveal.

4
When the door had raised above the height of their heads, Ernest and the mechanic stood looking into another garage bay, this one larger than the one in which they stood. Rather than housing another small fleet of vehicles, this bay contained only one. It was an enormous machine, nearly filling the space from front to back and towering high above them. Its top sat only a few feet from the roof, which appeared to be made of one continuous sheet of metal. Ernest looked from the surprised face of the mechanic to the ship — for it could not be called anything but a ship — and back again. Clearing his throat, he took a few steps into the bay. “Is this what I think it is?” he asked.

The mechanic continued to stare a long while before responding. “It must be the ship we arrived on,” he said at last. “I guess it had to be here somewhere.”

None but the first colonist on Emerson had ever seen the ship which had brought them from Earth. Almost all who made the journey had traveled the great distance in a state of cryogenic sleep, each in their own chamber designed for the purpose. They had entered those chambers in a comfortable room on Earth, and in them they lay undisturbed for 109 years, 6 months, and 8 days. Meanwhile, their pods had been loaded one after the other onto the ship which would carry them to their new home, and soon they were hurtling through space. Even at half the speed of light, the journey had taken over 79 years. Throughout their voyage, and for many years after their arrival, only the artificially intelligent rovers of the Space Administration had kept watch over the slumbering pioneers. These robots had been the first to leave the ship, and had gone to mine the planet for the raw materials necessary to build the homes of the dormant colonists. When finally their mission was concluded, the first colonist was awakened. He had stretched his arms after his long nap, taken his small step on Emerson, and set to work alongside the robots growing the first food and preparing for the day when the others would wake. When that day finally came, the cryogenic chambers left the ship just as they had entered. One by one they were carried to the central square of the shanty town which had sprung up under the diligent arms of the robots. It was there that they were all introduced to their new home — their dreams of over a century brought finally to life. The ship, meanwhile, had been stored away, had retired quietly from service.

Ernest walked slowly before the ship, marveling at its size. He had of course seen similar ones taking flight on Earth, but he had never been so close. The locked door which had concealed it and the smooth, cold metal of its exterior panels gave it a mysterious, forbidden air.

“This is amazing,” called Ernest from behind one of the long, imposing legs which supported the ship on the ground. He and the mechanic continued their circumnavigation in speechless wonder, finally crossing paths at the back of the ship. This rearmost section sat lowest to the ground because the ship rested on its legs at an angle stretching up toward the roof, as though ready to take flight. Almost simultaneously, the curious pair noticed the tall, sharply inclining ramp which led to the rear entrance gate. They exchanged a meaning glance, and walked slowly up the ramp. Ernest reached the gate first, pausing only a moment before sliding open the panel beside the door and pressing the button inside.

Another rush of nervous excitement made its way up each of their spines. The opening of this second door was immediate, yet it felt interminably longer for the two waiting anxiously outside. When at last their wait was over, they looked at each other once more and stepped slowly inside.

The rear of the ship was an extensive chamber, entirely open save for the large column in the center encircled with computer monitors. As they entered, the lights came on and illuminated the full extent of the space. They walked further inside, up the sloping floor toward the center of the chamber.

“This must be where they kept the robots” said the mechanic, looking around with his hands on his hips.

Ernest hardly heard him — he was walking further upward toward the door at the front of the chamber. He was drawn toward it by a magnetism he could not explain, as though a small voice beyond were calling him to follow. The door opened automatically as he approached, revealing a long, narrow hallway. On both sides of the hallway were many tall, empty chambers, each with a small, round window on its door, and Ernest surmised that it was in one of these chambers that he had slept for 109 years, 6 months, and 8 days. He walked on past them, and the door closed behind him. At the end of the hallway was a single, cramped room. There was little space to stand in, and the room had few features save for the rows and rows of buttons, keys, and switches which covered the walls and the control panel at the front of the room. Ernest smiled as he gazed at the buttons, amazed that there were so many, and even more so that anyone could know the purpose of each one. One of them, however, had an obvious function. It was centered on the control panel, just below its small, blank screen. The surface of the button was engraved with the same power icon which adorned nearly every machine Ernest had ever used. He pressed this familiar button and stood watching the control panel screen. The NASA logo appeared, and below it a small, spinning icon indicating that the computer was starting up. Ernest felt his excitement building once more. He smiled and bent down over the control panel, placing his hands on either side of it and staring eagerly at the screen.

Back in the rear chamber of the ship, the mechanic had been exploring by himself. He was examining with great interest the track and the arm of the overhead crane. “It must have been used to unload all the cargo,” he thought. Following the track around the room with his eyes, he realized he did not see Ernest anywhere.

“Hello?” He called, but heard no answer. Realizing he must have gone through the other door, the mechanic set off toward the front of the ship. When he completed his climb up the sloping hallway, he came upon Ernest, who was still bent over the control panel.

“Look at this,” said Ernest, beaming with delight. The screen was divided into a grid and displayed what appeared to be a map. Near the center was a flashing red dot marked with coordinates.

“Where is that?” asked the mechanic, pointing at the dot on the screen.

“It’s on Fuller — 1f, I mean.”

“The other planet?” asked the mechanic, scratching his head.

“Exactly.” Ernest nodded his head and smiled.

“Well,” began the mechanic, puzzled at Ernest’s excitement, “what does it mean?”

“This is more or less the same software we use for our expeditions, and that dot is just like the beacons we use to track our vehicles from the office.” Seeing that the confused look on the mechanic’s face persisted, Ernest went on, “I found the mission logs from our journey here.” He tapped the screen with his finger, navigating through a menu which appeared in the corner. “They list one departure, but look at this.” He pointed at the screen and stepped back so that the mechanic might look for himself.

“Two arrivals?” the mechanic inquired, looking first at the screen and then at Ernest.

“Two arrivals!” Ernest cried excitedly, placing his hands on the shoulders of the mechanic. “That means there’s another settlement on 1f!”

The mechanic smiled in response to Ernest’s contagious enthusiasm. After a moment he asked, “How could that be? I’ve never heard of another settlement. Wouldn’t we have established contact with them?”

“Hmm,” replied Ernest, “that I can’t explain. Still, that beacon is pinging its location. It has to be pointing to something, and something with enough power to have kept it pinging for one hundred and twenty years!”

“Maybe,” the mechanic said skeptically, “but maybe it’s a mistake.” I think we’d have heard about it if there were dozens of people on the planet next door.”

“I don’t know, maybe they weren’t able to get their communication equipment working. Maybe no one else knows they are there.”

“And NASA just forgot to mention a ship full of people?” the mechanic smiled coyly at Ernest. “Stranger things have happened, I suppose.” He laughed and turned to walk back down the hallway. “We’d better leave if you want to go exploring today.”

Ernest’s eyes lingered on the screen, watching the flashing red dot. He went over the whole history of his time on Emerson, searching for some forgotten detail which could explain it, but found none. He felt within himself a determined resistance to his leaving, a calling to go further, though into what he did not know. He remained glued to the spot a moment longer, but tearing himself away at last, he pressed the power button and left the room. The screen went blank once more.
